Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
GSW.
That's what the hospitals call it.
Gunshot wound.
Doctor has to report it
to the police.
That makes it hard
for guys in my line to get...
..."quality health care. "
Not many men know
what their life's worth.
I do.
Seventy grand.
That's what they took from me.
And that's what
I was going to get back.
They say. "Time heals all wounds. "
You'd think. after five months
of lying on my back...
...I'd give up
any idea of getting even.
Just be a nice guy. call it a day.
Nice guys are fine. You got to have
someone to take advantage of.
But they always finish last.
Help a cripple.
Thank you. sir.
Help a Vietnam vet walk again.
Help a cripple.
Thank you. sir.
What the fuck you doing?
Get the fuck out!
Shut up. I cured you.
Cocksucker.
- What do I owe you?
- Two ninety-eight.
Son of a...
Hey. my cigarettes!
- Unh!
- Sorry. sorry. Pardon me.
Thank you.
One hundred...
...two hundred...
...three hundred.
Have a nice day. Mr. Johnson.
Excellent fit. sir.
And how will you be paying?
Mister?
I'll give you $900.
Let me see that Magnum.
That's it.
$500 and the gun.
Uh. I'll need to see I.D.
Of course.
I'm sorry. Mr. Johnson. uh.
this card's been canceled.
Impossible.
Do you have another form
of payment?
Try it again.
Old habits die hard. I guess.
If you don't kick them.
they kick you.
Ain't marriage grand?
Porter.
You're not dead.
What are you going to do?
Kill me?
Not now.
Yeah.
You're cleaning up.
Val still wants to talk to you.
Sorry. babe.
Shall I tell him
to call back again?
No. I'll talk to him.
Shut him up. anyway.
Val.
Yep. same as always. You?
Yeah. good. good. Um...
Why? Are you there now?
Don't sweat it. Val.
We all look alike to them.
Same crew. The Chows.
Twice a week.
Tuesday and Friday. between 11 and 12.
Always the same route.
Chinese money laundry. Heh.
How much in the case?
Anywhere between 350 and half a mill.
How much do you need. Val?
Ah. we split it 50-50.
I mean. how much do you need
to buy your way back?
Into the syndicate.
How much?
- The Outfit?
- Whatever.
Jesus. You know everything.
Hi. sweetie.
130 grand.
The Chows won't go to the cops.
They keep everything in-house.
And they don't feel pain like we do.
You notice anything about those guys?
They look nasty.
Probably kung fu motherfuckers.
- Did I miss something?
- They weren't wearing seat belts.
We'll hit them on Friday.
Hubba. hubba. hubba!
Lookie here.
Unh. How's that pileup taste. huh?
Daddy brought home the bacon. baby.
- Val!
- What?
Problem with kicking a Chow's ass...
...is an hour later
you want to do it again.
140 grand.
140 apiece.
Total.
Total?
That's 70 grand?
That's not enough.
Is for me.
I'm taking a few months off.
I'm up short. Sixty short.
Fucking slants!
Should have hit them Tuesday.
Fuck!
We got away clean.
And got something to show for it.
Be grateful for what you get.
rule number one.
Yeah. rule number one.
What?
Everything's cool.
Just not enough! All right?
Never is. Val.
Baby. just put the money
in the car. will you?
I can't fucking believe it.
You know what. Porter?
This is funny.
This will kill you.
It's always 140.
Someone ought to give me a Ph. D.
Jesus! Wait till I'm out
of the fucking way!
Okay. Everything's cool. baby.
Ah! You were great.
Everything's cool. Give me...
Okay. keep the gun.
That's it. Everything's cool.
It's just like we planned.
Come on.
Don't fall apart on me now.
There we go.
Oh. I bet you got a lot of questions
rattling in your head. huh?
Lynn did not understand.
I don't know.
Wives get funny
when it comes to girlfriends.
What?
I didn't get that.
You got it.
Come on. Miss Porter.
I don't have all day.
Is. uh. Miss Porter here?
Mrs. Porter.
Yeah. whatever.
Motherfucker!
Get up. Turn around.
Come on.
What have we got here?
How much in here?
Two grand.
- What's in here?
- Helium.
What do you think it is?
It's heroin.
Shit. Oh. shit.
Val Resnick.
Where is he?
You want to know where he is?
Ha. ha.
He's right here.
Look. Fuck you.
Wrong answer.
Aah! God! You motherfucker!
- Fuck!
- Val Resnick.
I never heard of him. man.
Where'd you get the shit?
Come on. man.
They're going to fucking kill me.
What do you think I'm
going to do? Worry about me.
Oh. come on. Okay. okay.
Stegman. man.
Arthur fucking Stegman. okay?
Where is he?
South End Taxi.
Farragut Road. man.
Thanks.
You're welcome.
I'm looking for Arthur Stegman.
He ain't here.
Something I can help you with?
No. you can't. Where is he?
I don't know.
Take a guess.
What?
Take a guess about where he is.
Is he at home?
Go fuck yourself.
Here we go.
This one's mine.
Roll it.
Wait. that was mine.
There's somebody here to see you.
I'm looking for Stegman.
Who the hell are you?
I'm Porter.
Porter. that looks like. uh. assault to me.
Porter looks like he likes
to resist arrest.
- Hey. hey! Whoa!
- Fuck! Not in here.
Jesus! He just wants to talk.
Am I right? Did I call it?
Are you Stegman?
Maybe. What do you want?
Your boy didn't make his delivery.
Jesus.
- Whoa. Artie.
Why don't we talk outside?
You're a dealer?
Just forget about it. all right?
Don't touch my money either.
Come on...
This is heroin?
This is heroin.
Don't worry about it.
Take it easy.
Let's talk.
What are you looking at?
Play your game.
And you're bleeding
all over my couch!
Come on!
Steggie's been holding out on us.
I'll check it out.
Val Resnick.
What about him?
- Tell me where he is.
Even if I knew.
the answer would still be no.
- Where'd you meet up with my boy?
- At his drop.
Is he dead?
No. but she is. OD'd on that crap
you've been sending her.
So? What do you care?
I'm her husband.
You're not going to kill me.
are you? Heh.
Not in front of these kids.
Where is he?
I don't know!
That's the truth.
It got delivered to me last night.
I won't see anyone till next month.
Why all the trouble?
He's afraid of the girl.
I mean...
...of Mrs. Porter.
I mean. that's how it looks to me.
I don't know nothing about this.
I know Val from the old days.
Three months ago. he asks me
to do him a favor.
I make an extra grand a month.
I figure. what the hell?
Now you threaten to kill me?
That much a buddy of Val's I am not.
He's in the city.
That's all I know.
How do you know that?
- He said so.
- When?
When he came. Said he squared
himself with the syndicate.
Said he was back
in the big time for good.
He was very excited.
You tell him that Porter is back too.
And he wants his money.
I'll come back for you
when these kids are not around.
When would I tell him this?
Talk to me.
There's a young lady
to see you. Her name is Pearl.
She's got two very bad habits.
Right now I'm only interested
in one of them.
Ha. ha. Send her up.
Apartment 718. ma'am.
Go right on up.
Send her up.
It's Haskell.
Sorry to call you at home...
Don't be sorry.
Just don't call.
I got a call from a cab guy
on the south end.
- What is it?
- It's this guy. Stegman.
Shit. Hold on a second.
On your knees. bitch.
I want satisfaction.
I'm on the phone. Pearl.
It's "Mistress Pearl. "
I'm on the fucking phone!
Ahem. Make it quick. huh?
This guy Stegman calls.
He sounded all nervous.
like something scared him.
He had to talk to you.
I said I'd see what I could do.
- What was it about?
- He said to tell you Lynn was dead.
He said some guy wanted you.
That's all he said.
I thought you ought to know.
You did right.
I want to talk to him.
Who. Stegman?
No. President Nixon.
Of course. Stegman!
Tell him. uh. Varrick's. by the bridge.
Make it...
Make it 20 minutes.
- Hmm.
- I'm working here!
- Unh!
- Can't you see I'm working here?
Put it on my tab.
I'm looking for a girl.
She goes by the name of Rosie.
Here's her photo. Do you know her?
She worked by telephone.
not freelance.
Probably connected
with the syndicate.
Out of my league.
I wouldn't know her.
Maybe you know somebody who would.
- Why you looking for her?
- I'm her brother.
I got cancer.
I want to see her.
You two look close.
Got a cigarette?
Your sister sounds expensive.
Try Michael.
bartender at the Regal Hotel.
That wasn't the name
I was looking for.
The only one I got.
I tried to call you. but you
must have changed your number.
I never gave you my original number.
What did this guy look like?
He had dark hair. blue eyes.
A real Cro-Magnon-looking bastard.
If Lynn's dead.
maybe he did us a favor.
Ha. ha. I know. except I'm out
a grand a month.
Maybe we can work something out.
- Did you get a name?
- Mm.
He said he was Porter.
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
He said he was there for Porter?
No. he said he was Porter.
I wouldn't want that guy
after me either.
- I know how you must feel.
- What am I? A nobody?
I've got friends.
All I have to do is point.
I pick up a phone
and he's a dead man.
And this time he stays dead!
Try to keep it down.
all right?
It's okay.
What'd he say about me?
He said you owed him money.
Nothing else?
Nothing. Why?
How much you owe him?
None of your business.
I just got the feeling
he'd like to kill you.
Oh. Christ!
Porter.
What?
What'd you tell him?
Nothing!
- What could I tell him?
- You tell him about the money? Heroin?
He had it with him!
I told him I delivered it.
Nothing else?
I don't know nothing else!
You gave him something. A name.
Someone who knows where to find me.
I swear on my mother...
Fuck your mother!
- That's not nice. Take it easy.
- What are you looking at?
Val. don't.
Not again. Don't do that. man.
- What the fuck you looking at?
- No. Val. don't.
Come on. Not again.
Don't.
- Forget it.
Is there some trouble here?
We're just leaving.
You know what?
This one's on me.
You see me reaching
for my fucking wallet?
Sorry. He just got a promotion.
so he's a little tense.
Is there a Michael here?
That's him over yonder.
Michael.
You're the man to see
about horizontal refreshment?
I'm looking for a girl named Rosie.
Prostitution is illegal
and you're speaking Greek.
Usually these matters are conducted
with more discretion.
Be discreet now.
- What was her name?
- Rosie.
- Who's looking for her?
- Just call her.
- Rosie?
Yeah?
Give me the phone.
- Unh!
- Take care of that.
- Rosie.
- Who the hell is this?
- Porter.
- Ha. ha.
Try again. honey.
Porter's dead.
I used to drive for you.
Provide a safe work environment.
Porter?
Yeah.
Why pour salt on old wounds?
I didn't need to.
I guess I had a soft spot for her.
Come in.
You look pretty good
for a dead guy.
How'd you hear about it?
People were talking.
Plus I heard your wife
was back in town alone.
She's dead.
I'm sorry. Porter.
Why?
Jesus. Surly Porter.
You're the same as ever. aren't you?
This doesn't look like you.
Yeah. well. people change.
Stay.
It's okay.
Come on. sweetheart.
Meet the nastiest dog
who ever lived.
What's his name?
Porter.
He took your job after you left.
He's just as tough.
but he won't leave me. Mwah.
I need a favor.
A favor?
Maybe you're not the same as ever.
I'm looking for a syndicate boy.
It's the Outfit.
We don't say "syndicate" anymore.
You know what I mean.
Whatever.
Don't get touchy. Porter.
What's his name?
Val Resnick.
That son of a bitch.
You know him?
I met up with him once
a few years ago.
He can't use Star's service.
He beats up the girls.
He almost killed one.
You?
Does it matter?
You quit looking after me. remember?
Would you know where he might be?
I suppose he's at the hotel.
- Which one?
- The Outfit hotel.
The address?
We're friends. right?
I mean. we used to be.
But I'm an employee too.
The Outfit wouldn't like me
telling you. would they?
How strong are you?
Personally. I think you are
the strongest man I've ever met.
But I wonder if it's enough.
For what?
You want this guy
for something he won't like.
I'm going to kill him.
That's something he won't like.
What if they grab you and ask you
how you found out?
You know I wouldn't turn you in.
- I wouldn't talk.
- What if they ask you hard?
I'll say it was
a cab dispatcher named Stegman.
The Oakwood Arms. Union and 17th.
Hi. Val.
Where's my money?
I took your gun.
It's back here.
You look like a pro.
Keep your mouth shut
and you'll walk out of here.
My 70 grand. I want it.
Uh. I don't have it right now.
- Where is it?
- I gave all 130.000 to the Outfit.
I gave it all to them.
Tell them you gave them money that
doesn't belong to you. Get it back.
I can't do that.
You don't know these...
You'll kill me
whether I get it or not.
All right. I'll get the money.
Just give me a few days.
What the fuck are you doing?
Noon. Tomorrow.
Say it.
All right.
This may sound crazy.
but. uh. no hard feelings. huh?
I did what I had to do.
You can appreciate that.
I appreciate that. you...
No. no! Don't.
Please.
Allow me.
Aah! Jesus!
You bitch!
Let her work.
Me love you. baby.
Me love you long time.
No. no. wait.
Tomorrow.
Noon.
You and the money be at 7th
and Franklin at the pay phone.
Okay. Okay.
Where'd you get this?
Some hooker had it.
I recognized you.
I swiped it in case I could use it.
Did you hurt her?
The hooker.
What's that have to do
with anything?
I've got a few minutes.
So go boil an egg.
Phillip says you have a problem
you need help with.
Yes. sir.
Is it your problem...
...who breached our security
last night?
Yes. sir.
He breaks into my apartment...
There's an old expression
that has served me well:
"Do not shit where you eat. "
Or "live. "
"Do not shit where you live. "
I like that better.
I'm sorry. Mr. Carter.
There are three ways
we can handle this.
One: We help you.
Two: We allow you to help yourself.
Three: We have you replaced.
We have an investment in you. Resnick.
of time. money and training.
So assisting you would be...
...in a way. protecting our investment.
And that is always
good business policy.
Yes. sir. Mr. Carter.
Thank you.
You won't regret it.
According to Phillip.
a man has come to town to kill you?
Yes. sir.
You say he's alone and that. uh.
he's a professional robber. Correct?
Yes. sir. He does. uh. payroll jobs.
banks. stuff like that.
- What's his name?
- Porter.
What's his first name?
Uh. I don't know. He never called
himself anything but Porter.
Where did you get the $130.000?
That's why this man
has come to town. huh?
The $130.000 you paid us back.
Uh. yes. sir.
But only $70.000 of it was his.
We never asked you where you got it.
It's none of our business.
Now it appears
it has become our business.
Here's his file. Mr. Carter.
Do you understand your value
to the organization?
You're a sadist. you lack compunction.
That comes in handy.
But now. an area of your personal life
has become a danger to us.
A man in our organization needs
to be tough. self-reliant.
Were you to handle this problem
on your own...
...there would be no doubt...
...you're the kind of man we want.
I want to.
I want to handle it myself.
Great.
Until it is handled. I want you
to move out of the Oakwood Arms.
Uh. ahem. but I don't have a place...
I don't want any more
unpleasantness at the hotel.
Yes. sir.
Excuse me. but it might be easier
if Resnick just disappeared.
I thought about that.
But I'm not worried about Resnick.
He wouldn't last two minutes
on the street without us.
It's that other mutt
I'm thinking about.
- What's his name?
- Porter.
Takes a lot of moxie to walk into
the Outfit and whack our guys around.
Either that or he's shit nuts.
Frankly. I don't understand it
for $130.000.
It was $70.000. his share.
That's even worse.
I don't want
Mr. Bronson hearing about this.
He'll think I'm getting soft.
His principle has always been:
"If you don't understand it.
get rid of it. "
A stitch in time. so to speak.
Stitch this mutt up. Phil.
Any Polaroids or trophies?
No. not this time.
Aah!
- Yeah?
They cut me loose. Pearl.
like I thought they would.
Hold on one second.
Shut up!
I'm on the fucking phone!
Yes?
- Did your friends make it to town?
- Oh. yeah.
Last night. baby.
Did you tell them
Porter took their payroll?
I did.
And they want retribution.
All right. Here's what we do.
Yeah. that's Porter.
He has shit for brains.
Oh. Shit.
Shit!
Next time. Porter.
Porter's made some new friends.
]PORTER SIGHS]
- Easy. mister.
- I won't press charges.
- Who were they?
- I don't know.
I'm all right. I don't want...
It's you guys.
Stegman says you got
a line on a load of cash.
250 grand. to be exact.
Seventy.
Come on. man. get off of me!
What do you take us for. huh?
Idiots?
Nobody'd go through all this
for 70 grand.
You look like a whole bunch
of trouble to us.
We found a dead girl full of heroin.
There were signs of a struggle.
We're not sure it was an OD.
We got a witness.
A guy with one nostril.
Remember him?
Don't worry.
We'll give you immunity.
Room to operate.
get-out-of-jail-free card.
All you got to do is get the money.
Oh. We can't help you. though.
- It would be against the law.
- Understand?
- It's my money.
Wrong.
It's our money.
Me and my partner.
You be a good boy. we give you a piece.
It'll be easy. Porter.
- Unh!
- You got it?
He's got it.
- Understand?
- Take it easy. We'll be in touch.
- Thanks.
What a dope!
Fuck.
Crooked cops.
Do they come any other way?
If I'd been just a little dumber.
I could've joined the force myself.
Jesus Christ. Porter.
you need to see a doctor.
- It's going to sting.
- Just clean it up. all right?
- You hold it there.
- Yeah. all right.
I'll do it.
Tell me something. Porter.
When did you decide to leave?
That night we slept together?
No.
The next day.
when I drove you to work.
Should've asked me to quit.
You could've asked me
to drive you somewhere else.
Hubba. hubba. hubba. Ha. ha.
Thanks.
- Does it fit?
- Oh. yeah.
Like it was made for me.
It'll look great in your casket.
You know what I think?
I think that. uh. all those stories
about you being dead were true.
You're too thickheaded to admit it.
God. I missed you.
I miss you.
Don't. don't. don't...
I can't. I got...
...stuff to do.
Porter.
Where is he?
Porter. Where is he?
He's in the bedroom.
Is he hurt bad?
The doctor should be here any minute.
That's bullshit.
Porter. Here I come. pally.
Porter!
Goddamn!
Get in here!
Where is he?
He's gone. he's gone.
Gone. huh?
I know you.
You're that whore from the picture.
How do you know him?
He used to drive me.
I'm driving you now. honey.
You know what you are?
Educate me.
An ugly pig who beats up women...
...who can't get it up because
he's terrified of his own shadow!
- Is that right?
- Yup.
- Yeah.
Then you must be the lucky girl.
Oh! Hubba. hubba. hubba!
I knew I'd seen that ass before.
I am going to fuck you
six ways from Sunday.
I forgot my cigarettes.
All right. Val.
This Outfit. or whatever you call it.
it's got a head man. right?
Who is it?
They'll kill me.
What do you think I'll do?
Worry about me.
Oh! God damn!
Names. Come on.
Fairfax and Carter.
They run the whole city.
Where do I find them?
Fairfax isn't in town.
What about Carter?
Is he in town?
Porter. it won't do you any good.
They're going to...
Jesus!
Frederick Carter Investments.
120 Commerce Avenue.
- Oh. Oh.
- Thanks.
All right!
I'll help you out.
You're fucking nuts going up
against the Outfit for 70 grand.
But I'm going to help you out.
Here. Keep talking.
Thanks. I...
I can get you in.
It's tighter than a drum.
How many guys?
It's tighter than hell.
Only one guy on the outside.
So I got a way around that.
You are crazy!
You're a crazy son of a bitch!
That's why I love you.
You got a light?
I. uh...
- No.
- Then what good are you?
Check my pocket!
Rosie. Rosie.
Is your name on the lease?
The Outfit pays for everything.
I want you to gather
everything up that you need.
Say goodbye to this place.
It's okay. baby.
It's okay. puppy.
He'll live. How are you?
Yeah. I know.
It's not much.
but at least you'll be safe.
Nobody knows I'm here.
Sit down. Relax.
What?
Nobody has this number.
Somebody does know I'm here.
He's probably fucking her.
- He's taking long enough.
- Maybe the dog too.
You think so?
Give it a minute.
Okay. let's give him another bell.
Shit.
He's behind us.
It's not just anybody that gets...
...a hit put on him by a big firm
like the Outfit.
I was moving up in the world.
Maybe it was time
to pay them a visit.
Carter wouldn't be expecting that.
And who knows?
I might even get my money back.
I told you he'd show.
Give me my goddamn money. please.
Give me my money.
You sure that's him?
Yeah. come on.
Thank you very much.
What you up to. buddy?
Ah. Well. our money's in there...
...if you're still interested.
Not in the dough.
but. uh. the boat I'll buy with it.
What's he doing here?
It's a ride-along. Porter.
Your piece of the pie
just got smaller.
But don't worry.
I'll leave you some crust. Ha. ha.
What are you waiting for?
Go get it.
Go get our money.
You guys do me a favor?
We're here to help.
They'll frisk me when I go in.
Would you hold on to this?
Jesus.
Just for a little while.
Sure. Porter.
Nice balance.
Douche bag.
Can I help you?
- I want to see Mr. Carter.
- And who are you?
Tell him I'm the guy
that whacked Val Resnick.
I'm sorry. I don't...
Didn't copy. Repeat.
Right.
Mr. Carter will see you.
Uh. turn around so I can frisk you.
Bravo. Sit down.
My compliments.
They were two of my best.
They lull too easy.
You want something from me.
Val Resnick gave you $130.000.
He paid us.
It was a debt.
$70.000 of it is mine.
I want it back.
I'm sorry. but I seem to have
misplaced your name.
- Porter.
- Porter. Right.
I won't forget it again.
The Outfit is not unreasonable.
But no corporation would agree
to what you're asking.
Will Fairfax give me my money?
Resnick told you quite a bit.
Fairfax will say the same thing I have.
We're not authorized
to do things like this.
Who is?
Who makes the decisions?
A committee would. in this case.
You go high enough. you always come
to one man. Who?
Yes.
Mr. Bronson.
I have Mr. Carter on the line.
Put him through.
Go ahead. sir.
Carter. how's business?
Good till now.
- You want to see me. Dad?
Hang on. Carter.
Look in that green box. Johnny.
Are you kidding me?
Ha. ha. Is it the convertible?
You thought I forgot.
Whoo! Ha. ha!
Happy birthday. son.
This car?
Nick's got us ringside at the fight tonight.
It'll be good.
My money's on Rankin.
No. Hicks is favored.
- That's got nothing to do with it.
- I got to go.
Thanks.
Happy birthday.
- Drive safe.
You got it.
Sorry. What is it?
I have a problem. There's a man
in my office with a gun...
...who says he'll kill me
if we don't pay him...
...$130.000 that one of our guys
stole from him.
It's 70. How much is
this guy Carter worth to you?
What do you mean?
Either I get my money
or I'll kill Carter.
Are you threatening me?
I'm not threatening you.
I'm threatening Carter.
An audacious man. Who are you?
My money. yes or no?
No.
Carter?
- Oh.
- Carter?
Carter?
What's going on there?
You just don't get it.
do you. you dumb fuck?
Carter. talk to me.
Carter?
Call Fairfax and tell him
I just croaked Carter.
And he's next. After that.
I'm coming to get you.
Are you out of your fucking mind?
You just dug your own grave.
- I don't see any cash.
- They write you a check?
I have to go and see another guy.
Last one.
Then we got a dead woman and assault
to talk to you about.
That means more paperwork.
And we don't like paperwork.
Damn shame. Porter.
But don't let the bastards
get you down. Ha. ha.
That's right. Don't give up.
Can I have my piece?
Oh. yeah.
Nice roscoe.
Heavy enough to be a nutcracker.
We'll be in touch. Rocky.
Keep up the good work.
Nobody likes a monkey
on their back. I had three.
And they were cramping my style.
I was going to
have to lighten the load.
Porter?
Where have you been?
I was taking care of business.
Evening up the odds.
They won't stop until they kill us.
will they?
No.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry I got you involved.
So why did you?
You're a clever guy.
You didn't need me.
So why did you?
Yeah. you're right.
When I came back.
I came back here with nothing.
No life. No hope.
You were the only good thing
that hadn't been taken.
I couldn't stay away.
I had to see you to make sure
I wasn't in hell.
So why don't we get out of here?
- We can't.
- Why?
They won't stop until they bury us.
- So?
- So we bury them first.
I should have quit.
I should have driven you
somewhere else.
That's me!
Happy birthday. Johnny.
You are the man!
This is your night.
Hey. Johnny.
I'm your birthday present.
Who's that?
You sons of bitches!
We didn't do it.
Ha. ha. Dude. she's so hot.
Oh. man. she's so fine.
You're all over it. Go!
Look at this guy!
Dad's really hooking him up.
Boy. you are cute. aren't you?
You must have some pretty
wonderful friends. Johnny.
Wealthy too. because I'm not cheap.
Don't wait up. boys.
I promise he won't be home
before midnight.
Ha. ha! See you!
Damn!
Mm.
- That's a good boy.
Yeah. right there. Ha. ha.
Relax.
Who's the professional here?
So go with it.
I promise you won't regret it.
There. baby.
Hello?
Relax. kid.
no one'll get hurt.
Get hurt?
What's he talking about?
Good to have you back. Mr. Fairfax.
I wish I could say the same. I was
swimming with dolphins this morning.
Easy! It's genuine alligator.
What's the matter with you?
Sorry. Mr. Fairfax.
Hello. Mr. Fairfax.
- How's it going. Charlie?
Porter and Fairfax.
That'll be a short conversation.
Between us and our neighborhood cops.
I'd say we got him well covered. huh?
Walter. wake up.
Walter.
Wake up!
Keep those bags up. boys.
Come on.
Who the hell are you?
I'm the reason you're home early.
You're Porter?
That's it. Keep them up
or I'll drill you.
What will you have me do?
Uh. stand on my head?
No. I want you to do me a favor.
Call Mr. Bronson.
See what we can do
about getting my money back.
He let Carter die.
That poor bastard's
better off dead anyway.
He'd probably let me die too.
With Carter.
he thought I was bluffing.
Try him. He might be more
receptive than you think.
All right.
You two are fired.
Hello? Well. it's like this.
I'm in my living room.
There's a man named Porter...
...who says that
he. uh. expects you to pay him.
Of course.
He wants to talk to you.
Put it on the speaker.
- This is Porter.
You got balls.
You've proven to be a pain
in the ass. A mosquito.
To get rid of you.
I'll swat you with 130 grand.
It's not a hund...
- What the hell are you doing?
Fairfax?
It's all right. He's just
killing my alligator bags...
...and shooting holes in my suits.
That's mean. man!
You aren't listening.
It's not 130...
No. you listen.
You'll get your money.
but you'll never live to enjoy it.
You let me worry about that.
I want you to deliver
the money yourself.
You're one hell of an optimist.
What makes you think
I'll deliver it myself?
If you don't.
you'll never see Johnny again.
Didn't come home last night. did he?
He's a good-looking kid.
but you indulge him too much.
I told him so.
Bullshit. You haven't got him.
- You're not that stupid.
- My dad never bought me a Ferrari.
I had to steal my first one.
Nice inscription on the key chain.
A little sappy.
Want me to read it?
You're dead.
Nobody fucks with my family.
You hear me?
You're a dead man.
That's Johnny. unless you
turn up with the money.
Is that a yes?
What? Cat got your crotch?
Some decisions are hard. Mr. Bronson.
Where?
I'll let you know.
I'll be in touch.
You just signed your own
death warrant for $130.000.
I don't get that. What is it?
The principle or something. huh?
Stop it. I'm getting misty.
And tell him it's 70.
Seventy?
What do you mean. it's only 70?
Only 70.000?
My suits are worth more than that!
Oh. man!
Listen to this:
"Ocean Ray Sundancer.
Icemaker. Camper canvas.
Vacuum-flush head.
Eighty thousand bucks. "
He ain't going to have it.
You want to bet?
No. I don't want to bet.
I'm out 150 already.
150 ain't getting my damn boat.
- He better come down with something.
- Hey. hey. hey.
Hicks. Leary.
We're Holland and Van Owen.
Internal Affairs.
Back off.
We're on a stakeout.
Step out of the car. please.
- What for?
- Step out of the car. detectives.
What the hell's going on?
I don't know.
Is this your badge?
The one you reported missing?
Where'd you find it?
Where did you lose it?
Does this belong to you?
It's Porter. Follow him.
I got that motherfucker.
Hey!
Get in.
Close the door.
Set the roscoe on the floor.
Slow!
I'm going to turn you in
to the Outfit for a reward.
Maybe they'll ask me to join.
and I'll be on easy street.
Medical. Dental.
I'm going to walk you right in.
Porter on the hoof.
Unless you get rambunctious.
Then I'll take care of you...
You're not going to kill me. are you?
Let him go!
Now.
Hubba. hubba. hubba.
I...
Who are you?
What are you doing?
Fat boy!
Yeah. I'm talking to you.
Ah. stop it. Stop it.
I hate this. I hate it!
Look at this stinking place!
Porter. what's the matter with you?
Tell us where he is
so we can get out of here. huh?
Come on.
Too late now.
He doesn't want to say anything.
He just wants to get himself beat up.
that's all.
Here it is.
130.000.
That's as close as
you'll ever get to it.
I'll make you a deal.
Tell me where John is.
and I'll finish you quick.
You won't have to find out
what your left ball tastes like.
But if there's even a bruise on him.
I'll make this last three weeks.
I'll give you a blood transfusion
to keep you alive.
Where is he?
I'm waiting.
This piggy went to the market.
I'm listening.
This piggy stayed home.
Starting to look like roast beef.
Eight to go.
Then it's your knees.
You can guess where we go from there.
Where is he?
Okay. Okay.
Twenty-four...
Twenty-four Fielding.
Apartment 11.
You'll understand
if I don't trust you.
Put him in the trunk.
We'll take him along.
Let's go. tough guy.
You two watch the front.
Fuck! Come on. Porter.
Hey. give me a light.
What the hell's going on?
- You were right not to trust me.
Help me.
Get out!
Come on. Porter.
It's been fun. See you later.
Get back here! You bitch!
Come on. Porter.
Let's go.
- What took you so long?
- Hi. Rosie.
Come on. Porter.
Get in.
Good boy.
What happened?
I got hammered.
You okay?
Yeah.
- You got it.
- Piece of cake.
Where to?
Just drive. baby.
We were going for breakfast...
...in Canada.
We made a deal:
If she'd stop hooking...
...I'd stop shooting people.
Maybe we were aiming high.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today